18/06
   - I need to do a Python tutorial /course
   - I need to do a pyplot tutorial/course ( for the Plotter )
   - I need to make a sort of test cases for the RBD
   - Add info and configuration about the  about noise level parameters  

19/06
   - created mgt folder
   - read about the structure of a python program, still learning a lot on this, to read more
   - implemented Rtm2euler angles 
   - started to look at test cases, I need a better logger
     mainly to write to files the test file output
   - went through roughly half of PEP8, at some point to continue
   - updated the mgt sheet, plenty of tasks for tomorrow :)

20/06
   - worked on the looger
   - added the quaternions ( maybe need more documentation here, and look at numerically stable integration  see if I can do better, but low prio for now)
   - worked on testcases 
   - worked a bit on style, changed more variables to lower case 
   - started to look on timeit 
   - short day, not a bad day

21/06
   - rigid body with rotm is fastes, but qith quaternions is more precise, by looking at Test Cases 110 & 111, oy

22/06
   - implemented the ftau model, using a paper. Cannot understand the rotors transfer functions though, how to use it. Is not stable. how to combine with the steady state relation also. so this part is out
23/06
   -  I am testing a rolling command on the combined dynamic and kinematic model (ftau_plus_rb).
   Rolling is coupled with yawing and pitching. This is because ( nice to test, can be exercise to show on paper)
                a) yawing - because the cmd2thrust2torque is not linear. 
				Adding +10 and -10 commands respectively to the rolling pair-of engines, 
				causes the difference in torque. Yawing is not exactly conpensated by +-10 strategy. But it is very close.
			    b) yawing + pitching  - due to the rigid body eq for angular acceleration, via a non-diagonal inertia matrix, 
				there is coupling between rolling and pitching and rolling and yawing
				c) Even if the inertia matrix is diagonal, via the same rigid body eq for angular acceleration, there is coupling between rolling/yawing and pitching.
                This can be further reduced by increasing Iyy element  				
    However, the trens should be clear:
          - I should have rolling angular velocity bigger than the othwer two, making euler roll also bigger  
          - Positive rolling should cause negative y-axis movement
		  
    Quaternions are more numerically stable than rotm ( sam exp, same norm treshold for warning, rotm warning appears, quaternions warning not)
   
    Spyder 4.0.0b2 has code folding. Have installed it
	
OKEII! Model finished. Tested and all. Looking good for a first iteration.

Three possible directions of immediate interest:
   a) Documentation - maybe in the form of slides, good for courses also  : USE LATEX + BEAMER 
   b) code cleanup / API interface , and that setup tingy - how to make the package , block diagrm drawing ...
   c) start buidling sensors interface , PID flight stabilization, so we can use it to something 
   
Started on a) and made a course on Udemy   
           b) installed MikTex with Texworks,  imported the AAU beamer theme. Made first slides for the course introduction. Installed Inkscape.
           c) installes OBS ( Open Broadcast Software ) for screen capturing and OpenShot for editing. And VLC media player.		   

24/06/2019

    - I need a visualisation attached to the physics, also an interactive one. So today I looked at Panda3D.
    I installed a python 3.7 separately, and pip panda3d to get it. Run the first very simple tutorial to see it works.

    I am now following the panda3d manual in order to perform the simple basic operations on the panda, that I need for the 
    quadrotor: change position, change orientation. 

    I am reading from the panda manual http://www.panda3d.org/manual 

25/06/2019
  - Finished slides for lessons 1,2 and 3. finished videos for lessons 1 and 2. 
 Finished transcript for lesson 3. 
 
 
28/06/2019
     working on slides for rigid body dynamics, going slow but going (lots of math and figures)
     recorded video for L003. Now cleaning noise as per udemy feedback using:
a) open mp4 in VLC, export sound track as mp3
b) import mp3 in Audacity, clean noise
c) export clean mp3, and use OpenSHot to patch it up again
        

PowerPoint has a nifty feature that turns mouse into a pointer (red glowy thing)
WOuld be great for presentations, but I cannot open a pdf file in powerpoint
There are converters, but payed mostly.
Anyway, interesting feature !

https://softwarerecs.stackexchange.com/questions/16761/presentation-software-with-a-cursor-looking-like-a-laser-pointer-instead-of-mous
https://superuser.com/questions/1288195/cursor-options-for-adobe-reader-in-full-screen-mode
Adobe little hand so annoying. Will try to use Sumatra instead. Solution.

30/06/2019
Yesterday and today worked on the slides with 3d vectors and coordinate systems
Ended up reading from Parviz Nikravesh to clarify some concepts.

In terms of structure I think next I should work on the quaternions
and euler angles, make a lecture on that.

02/07/2019
-------------
Worked on lecture 4 video all day. Have to get better at this recording stuff. Lecture 05 is ready for recording almost, need to clean the transcript though. 

03/07/2019
-------------
Finished recording lecture 05. Started working on slides for lecture 6, on the dynamics. Went to IKEA and and got two hole-board organizers for wall next to the desk to declutter. It looks really nice. 

04/07/2019
------------
Working on slides lecture 6 dynamics. Tomorrow I go to Aalborg to return the computer. 


06/07/2019
-----------
Funny day today. Worked on Lecture 7, and I have a transcript as well.
Next, I started to look back at the code. Added some features and corrected bugs. Progressed on the 3D visualization part. 

07/07/2019
-----------
Worked more on the 3D model. Found out in Blender how to use textures at a basic level. Added some color textuure to the quadrotor to identify front and back. Corrected Lesson 3. Still have to do Lecture 5 and 6 corrections and record Lesson 7.

08/07/2019
-----------
Today I worked a bit on code. I had a mistake for the vb equation, in the snese that I should work with ve to get position. 
Aerodynamic forces though should use dpb/dt. That is why I guess it is used in the UAV book. 

Tried to look a bit at th step responses.
Rolling casuses mainly movement along the y axis, but there is also a component, smaller, along the x axis.
This is beacause, as the plarform changes orientation, the local frame tau_x and tau_z ( I alwyas get a bit of yawing) in th earth frame, i get tau_y also. 
Same for pitching.
Now, I do not get symmetrical + and - drifts on the secondary axis, and it seems to be from the inertia product terms. 